# Autonomous Car Project
This was a project for my embedding systems class at Concordia. We had to build a system using at least 2 micro-controllers. I wanted to build an "autonomous" car. Having to get used with OpenCV and inter-systems communications (SPI, I2C, etc.) I knew I only had time for very rudementary "autonomous" features. This was a team project, but I did pretty much all of the contribution since I was really passionate about this project.

The car used a Beaglebone board as the brain to interface with the webcam. I used OpenCV to process the video feed and extract heuristics to know if the car was centered in the driving lane. The driving lane had to be green to make it easier to detect. When the car detected it was not centered anymore (because it was crooked or simply because it was in a curve), the camera would turn towards where the center should be and when it would detect the angle it needed to turn to get centered, it would send the turning angle to a Teensy board which controlled the cervo motors used for the wheels. The car can be seen working in `car_moving_on_its_own.MOV`. A more detailed explanation of the project with schematic and code snippets can be found in `Project.pdf`.

Unfortunately, I couldn't find the source code. I had a hard time making the SPI and I2C communication since I was using breadboards and there was a lot of interference and the communication would stop working all the time. Debugging the hardware took so much time that most of the code was made last minute and I didn't use a SCM, so it's lost somewhere on a backup drive.